This is an analysis I conducted for the Summer Olympics medal performance and Countries GDP Value. This analysis provides a comprehensive insights for the 2024 Summer Olympics medal performance and also Countries Gdp values. With the use of Excel I was able to analyze the data and make analytical report. This analysis is intended to assist the organization to understand and make informed decisions that will help improve Countries Gdp Value and also help improve Countries performance in the coming Olympics tournaments.
Key insights ;
Ireland has the best Gdp by 15.29 percent valued at ($103,684.88)
United States has the highest number of medals with a sum of 126 medals making the United State the best performing country in the 2024 summer Olympics.
The country with the highest gold medal is shared between United States and China with each have a sum of 40 each.
The country with the highest silver medal is The United States with a sum of 44.
The Country with the highest number of bronze medal is the United States with the sum of 42.
The most populous country according to the analysis is India with a population of 1.428.6 billion. 
China with a total population of 1.410.7 billion. 
Observation and recommendation
	The most populous country according to the analysis is India with population of 1.428.6 billion, followed by china with a total number of 1.410.7 billion. meanwhile despite their large population domination, none of them made the it to top 10 country with best Gdp. 
However, China have a total of 91 medals coming out as the second after United State, while India had a total of 6.
	Secondly, the Gdp may seems to look like it determines the performances but its not, foremost, the top five with best Gdp failed to have more than 8 medals. Ireland have a total of 7, Norway 8, Qatar 1, Switzerland 8. how ever on the other hand, China with a low Gdp have a total of 91 and also making the second best after United States. With this it can be concluded that that performance at the 2024 Olympics is based more on Interest, time dedication, training and focus.
	Aslo according the analysis some country could have rely on the their economy strength. such as United state - 6th among the best with Gdp and the best in the 2024 Summer Olympics, also  Australia - 8th in the best with Gdp and 5th in the 2024 summer Olympics, respective followed by Netherland - 9th among the best Gdp and still maintains the 8th in the 2024 summer Olympics. It is important to notice here that all these countries maintained a relevant Gdp also their sport performance. This could imply that some countries may have the economic strength as backup for their performance in the 2024 Summer Olympics. And some other countries like China with low Gdp could be said to have rely on their population, interest driven and commitment 
	However, i will recommend that countries with lower Gdp should encourage their youths to acquire skills and be more productive. The government can support them with skills acquisition as well as educational background to publish their skills and knowledge.
	Also they should encourage their citizens to make use of the countries product, that is goods produced by their own citizens and try not to rely on imported goods.
The most important thing here is for a country like India should increase in her productivity. that is be more of s producing country than  importing country to help build the country's Gdp value
	I will also recommend that a country like India should focus more inside and search for more talented persons who are also passionate. they should encourage inside tournaments, sport competition, support local competition. It is when there is activities going on in the country that they can scout for talents. However if there is any country that wants to improve in sport aspect then they will need to invest first on then they can expect result, China is a good example that it is interest driven first then comes talent and training
lastly i will recommend that countries encourage their youth to be educated and do ensure to empower them. 
